readme.md, before:

![Awesome Prisma](https://i.imgur.com/MQdCTuN.png)

# Awesome Prisma

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

## Contents

- [:tipping_hand_woman: About this List](#tipping_hand_woman-about-this-list)
- [:books: Docs](#books-docs)
- [:studio_microphone: Events](#studio_microphone-events)
- [:safety_vest: Community Prisma Tools](#safety_vest-community-prisma-tools)
- [:thinking: How Tos](#thinking-how-tos)
- [:bird: Twitter](#bird-twitter)
- [:trophy: Tutorials](#trophy-tutorials)
- [:family_man_woman_girl_boy: Community](#family_man_woman_girl_boy-community)
- [:space_invader: Projects Using Prisma](#space_invader-projects-using-prisma)
- [Prisma 1](#prisma-1)

## :tipping_hand_woman: About this List

This is a collection of **awesome resources** about [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/ 'Modern Database Access for TypeScript & Node.js') :heart_eyes:

**Prisma is an open-source ORM**. It makes database access easy with type safety and an auto-generated query builder for TypeScript & Node.js.

## :books: Docs

- [Prisma Docs](https://www.prisma.io/docs/)
- [Prisma Examples](https://github.com/prisma/prisma-examples)

## :studio_microphone: Events

- [Prisma Day (remote)](http://prisma.io/day)
- [GraphQL Meetup (remote)](https://www.meetup.com/graphql-berlin/)
- [TypeScript Meetup (remote)](https://www.meetup.com/TypeScript-Berlin/)

## :safety_vest: Community Prisma Tools

- [Prisma 2 Scratchpad](https://github.com/ctrlplusb/prisma2-template)
- [nx-nest-graphql](https://github.com/beeman/nx-nest-graphql)
- [@prisma-tools/nexus](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/nexus/features)
- [@prisma-tools/graphql-modules](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/graphql-modules)
- [@prisma-tools/sdl](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/sdl)
- [@prisma-tools/select](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/select)
- [@prisma-tools/delete](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/delete)
- [@prisma-tools/schema](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/schema)
- [@prisma-tools/admin](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/admin/generator)
- [Prisma plugin for the IntelliJ Platform](https://github.com/gabrielcolson/intellij-prisma)
- [Gatsby with prisma-client](https://github.com/LekoArts/gatsby-with-prisma-client)
- [Testing Prisma with PostgreSQL and Jest](https://github.com/ctrlplusb/prisma-pg-jest)

## :thinking: How Tos

- [How to GraphQL](https://www.howtographql.com/)
- [PostgresQL Tutorials](https://www.prisma.io/tutorials/?tag=postgresql)

## :bird: Twitter

- [Prisma](http://twitter.com/prisma)
- [Nexus](http://twitter.com/nexusgql)

## :trophy: Tutorials

- [Get started with Prisma v2. Prisma Client](https://egghead.io/playlists/get-started-with-prisma-v2-prisma-client-8bae)
- [An Introduction to Prisma 2](https://blog.logrocket.com/an-introduction-to-prisma-2/)
- [Static Sites with Next.js 9.3 and Prisma](https://leerob.io/blog/next-prisma)
- [Using Prisma with GraphQL Codegen](https://medium.com/tomorrowapp/using-prisma-with-graphql-codegen-eed022c13749)
- [Using Prisma in Azure Functions](https://swacblooms.com/using-prisma-in-azure-functions/)
- [Building a sane Docker image for Typescript, Yarn Workspaces and Prisma 2](https://medium.com/@emilefugulin/building-a-sane-docker-image-for-typescript-lerna-and-prisma-2-76d8ff9926e4)
- [Building a Backend for React with Next.js, Prisma 2, and PostgreSQL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bqacj0iOL68)

### Tutorials with [Nexus](https://www.nexusjs.org/#/)
- [Complete Introduction to Fullstack, Type-Safe GraphQL (feat. Next.js, Nexus, Prisma)](https://dev.to/prisma/complete-introduction-to-fullstack-type-safe-graphql-feat-next-js-nexus-prisma-c5)
- [Improve Your GraphQL performance with Prisma](https://dev.to/ahmedelywa/improve-your-graphql-performance-with-prisma-2jia)
- [Let's take Prisma 2 for a test drive on AWS Lambda with GraphQL](https://itnext.io/lets-take-prisma-2-for-a-test-drive-on-aws-lambda-with-graphql-%EF%B8%8F-f4be711e93cc)

### Tutorials with [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/)
- [How to query your database using Prisma with NestJS](https://notiz.dev/blog/how-to-connect-nestjs-with-prisma)

## :family_man_woman_girl_boy: Community

- [GitHub](https://github.com/prisma/prisma/)
- [Website](https://prisma.io)
- [Docs](https://prisma.io/docs/)
- [Blog](https://prisma.io/blog)
- [Slack](https://slack.prisma.io/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/prisma)

## :space_invader: Projects Using Prisma

- [Tottem](https://github.com/poulainv/tottem)
- [Tomorrow](https://www.tomorrowapp.io/)
- [Predict Covid](https://predictcovid.com/)

## Prisma 1

This is the second iteration of the awesome Prisma and focuses on Prisma 2.
Check out the [Awesome Prisma 1 list](awesome-prisma1.md)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, Catalin Miron has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Added Wasp to the list of projects built with Prisma 2

readme.md, after:

![Awesome Prisma](https://i.imgur.com/MQdCTuN.png)

# Awesome Prisma

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

## Contents

- [:tipping_hand_woman: About this List](#tipping_hand_woman-about-this-list)
- [:books: Docs](#books-docs)
- [:studio_microphone: Events](#studio_microphone-events)
- [:safety_vest: Community Prisma Tools](#safety_vest-community-prisma-tools)
- [:thinking: How Tos](#thinking-how-tos)
- [:bird: Twitter](#bird-twitter)
- [:trophy: Tutorials](#trophy-tutorials)
- [:family_man_woman_girl_boy: Community](#family_man_woman_girl_boy-community)
- [:space_invader: Projects Using Prisma](#space_invader-projects-using-prisma)
- [Prisma 1](#prisma-1)

## :tipping_hand_woman: About this List

This is a collection of **awesome resources** about [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/ 'Modern Database Access for TypeScript & Node.js') :heart_eyes:

**Prisma is an open-source ORM**. It makes database access easy with type safety and an auto-generated query builder for TypeScript & Node.js.

## :books: Docs

- [Prisma Docs](https://www.prisma.io/docs/)
- [Prisma Examples](https://github.com/prisma/prisma-examples)

## :studio_microphone: Events

- [Prisma Day (remote)](http://prisma.io/day)
- [GraphQL Meetup (remote)](https://www.meetup.com/graphql-berlin/)
- [TypeScript Meetup (remote)](https://www.meetup.com/TypeScript-Berlin/)

## :safety_vest: Community Prisma Tools

- [Prisma 2 Scratchpad](https://github.com/ctrlplusb/prisma2-template)
- [nx-nest-graphql](https://github.com/beeman/nx-nest-graphql)
- [@prisma-tools/nexus](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/nexus/features)
- [@prisma-tools/graphql-modules](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/graphql-modules)
- [@prisma-tools/sdl](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/sdl)
- [@prisma-tools/select](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/select)
- [@prisma-tools/delete](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/delete)
- [@prisma-tools/schema](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/schema)
- [@prisma-tools/admin](https://prisma-tools.ahmedelywa.com/admin/generator)
- [Prisma plugin for the IntelliJ Platform](https://github.com/gabrielcolson/intellij-prisma)
- [Gatsby with prisma-client](https://github.com/LekoArts/gatsby-with-prisma-client)
- [Testing Prisma with PostgreSQL and Jest](https://github.com/ctrlplusb/prisma-pg-jest)

## :thinking: How Tos

- [How to GraphQL](https://www.howtographql.com/)
- [PostgresQL Tutorials](https://www.prisma.io/tutorials/?tag=postgresql)

## :bird: Twitter

- [Prisma](http://twitter.com/prisma)
- [Nexus](http://twitter.com/nexusgql)

## :trophy: Tutorials

- [Get started with Prisma v2. Prisma Client](https://egghead.io/playlists/get-started-with-prisma-v2-prisma-client-8bae)
- [An Introduction to Prisma 2](https://blog.logrocket.com/an-introduction-to-prisma-2/)
- [Static Sites with Next.js 9.3 and Prisma](https://leerob.io/blog/next-prisma)
- [Using Prisma with GraphQL Codegen](https://medium.com/tomorrowapp/using-prisma-with-graphql-codegen-eed022c13749)
- [Using Prisma in Azure Functions](https://swacblooms.com/using-prisma-in-azure-functions/)
- [Building a sane Docker image for Typescript, Yarn Workspaces and Prisma 2](https://medium.com/@emilefugulin/building-a-sane-docker-image-for-typescript-lerna-and-prisma-2-76d8ff9926e4)
- [Building a Backend for React with Next.js, Prisma 2, and PostgreSQL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bqacj0iOL68)

### Tutorials with [Nexus](https://www.nexusjs.org/#/)
- [Complete Introduction to Fullstack, Type-Safe GraphQL (feat. Next.js, Nexus, Prisma)](https://dev.to/prisma/complete-introduction-to-fullstack-type-safe-graphql-feat-next-js-nexus-prisma-c5)
- [Improve Your GraphQL performance with Prisma](https://dev.to/ahmedelywa/improve-your-graphql-performance-with-prisma-2jia)
- [Let's take Prisma 2 for a test drive on AWS Lambda with GraphQL](https://itnext.io/lets-take-prisma-2-for-a-test-drive-on-aws-lambda-with-graphql-%EF%B8%8F-f4be711e93cc)

### Tutorials with [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/)
- [How to query your database using Prisma with NestJS](https://notiz.dev/blog/how-to-connect-nestjs-with-prisma)

## :family_man_woman_girl_boy: Community

- [GitHub](https://github.com/prisma/prisma/)
- [Website](https://prisma.io)
- [Docs](https://prisma.io/docs/)
- [Blog](https://prisma.io/blog)
- [Slack](https://slack.prisma.io/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/prisma)

## :space_invader: Projects Using Prisma

- [Tottem](https://github.com/poulainv/tottem)
- [Tomorrow](https://www.tomorrowapp.io/)
- [Predict Covid](https://predictcovid.com/)
- [Wasp - a DSL for building full-stack web apps with React/Node.js/Prisma](https://wasp-lang.dev/)

## Prisma 1

This is the second iteration of the awesome Prisma and focuses on Prisma 2.
Check out the [Awesome Prisma 1 list](awesome-prisma1.md)

## Contribute

Contributions welcome! Read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) first.

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, Catalin Miron has waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.
